[TT-9874] OAS Jobs-To-Be-Done tidy up (#3322)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/getting-started/using-oas-definitions/versioning-an-oas-api.md

{{< /note >}}

### Tutorial 1: Create a versioned API using the Tyk Gateway API (or Tyk Dashboard API)

This tutorial takes you through the OAS API versioning process using the Tyk Gateway API.

You can perform the same steps using the Tyk Dashboard API.

<details>
  <summary>
    Click to expand tutorial
  </summary>

#### Differences between using the Tyk Dashboard API and Tyk Gateway API

This tutorial has been written assuming that you are using the Tyk Gateway API.

You can also run these steps using the Tyk Dashboard API, noting the differences summarised here:

| Interface             | Port     | Endpoint        | Authorization Header  | Authorization credentials        |
|-----------------------|----------|-----------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------|
| Tyk Gateway API       | 8080     | `tyk/apis/oas`  | `x-tyk-authorization` | `secret` value set in `tyk.conf` |

> | Tyk Dashboard API     | 3000     | `api/apis/oas`  | `authorization`       | From Dashboard User Profile      |

Author: ```suggestion
| Tyk Dashboard API     | 3000     | `api/apis/oas`  | `Authorization`       | From Dashboard User Profile      |
```

### Introduction

Tyk allows you to create versions of your APIs. When using Tyk OAS APIs versioning works slightly differently from with Tyk Classic APIs, to find out more please take a look at the dedicated [page]({{< ref "/getting-started/key-concepts/oas-versioning" >}}).

If you're ready to dive in, then this tutorial shows you how easy it is to create and manage versions of your Tyk OAS APIs using the open source Tyk Gateway API, Tyk Dashboard API and the Tyk Dashboard GUI.

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> Tyk OAS API support is currently in [Early Access]({{< ref "/content/frequently-asked-questions/using-early-access-features.md" >}}) and some Tyk features are not yet supported. You can see the status of what is and isn't yet supported [here]({{< ref "/getting-started/using-oas-definitions/oas-reference.md" >}}). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk OAS API support is currently in [Early Access]({{< ref "/frequently-asked-questions/using-early-access-features" >}}) and some Tyk features are not yet supported. You can see the status of what is and isn't yet supported [here]({{< ref "/getting-started/using-oas-definitions/oas-reference" >}}). 
{{< /note >}}
```

{{< /note >}}

> ### Tutorial 1: Create a versioned API using the Tyk Gateway API (or Tyk Dashboard API)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tutorial 1: Create a versioned API using the Tyk Gateway API or Tyk Dashboard API
```

This tutorial has been written assuming that you are using the Tyk Gateway API.

You can also run these steps using the Tyk Dashboard API, noting the differences summarised here:

| Interface             | Port     | Endpoint        | Authorization Header  | Authorization credentials        |
|-----------------------|----------|-----------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------|
| Tyk Gateway API       | 8080     | `tyk/apis/oas`  | `x-tyk-authorization` | `secret` value set in `tyk.conf` |
| Tyk Dashboard API     | 3000     | `api/apis/oas`  | `authorization`       | From Dashboard User Profile      |

As explained in the section on [Creating an OAS API]({{< ref "/getting-started/using-oas-definitions/create-an-oas-api" >}}) remember that when using the Tyk Dashboard API you only need to issue one command to create the API and load it onto the Gateway; when using the Tyk Gateway API you must remember to restart or hot reload the Gateway after creating the API.

* When using the Tyk Dashboard API, you can find your credentials key from your **User Profile > Edit Profile > Tyk Dashboard API Access Credentials**

{{< note success >}}
**Note**

> You will also need to have ‘admin’ or ‘api’ rights if RBAC is enabled.

Reviewer: Maybe link to how to enable RBAC?

    "message": "Pet not found"
}
```
The above response shows that, whilst the request successfully reached the upstream URL, there is no pet in the store with id 123. This is the expected result.

#### Step 3: Create a new version of your API

Now you will create a second API, this time using the [Httpbin](https://httpbin.org/) service as the upstream URL. We are going to register this as a new version of your Base API.

The following call runs atomically: it creates a new API as a version of the Base API, updating the Base API accordingly.

| Property     | Description                                                                    |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Resource URL | `/tyk/apis/oas`                                                                |
| Method       | `POST`                                                                         |
| Type         | None                                                                           |
| Body         | Tyk OAS API Definition                                                         |

> | Param        | Query param (options): <br>- `base_api_id`: The API ID of the Base API to which the new version will be linked.<br>- `base_api_version_name`: The version name of the base API while creating the first version. This doesn't have to be sent for the next versions but if it is set, it will override the base API version name.<br>- `new_version_name`: The version name of the created version.<br>- `set_default`: If true, the new version is set as default version.|

Reviewer: Maybe keep the Query Param property name and remove from Query Param from description column?

Author: I've tidied up these tables across the whole PR so that they are consistent in formatting & layout. The reason for the parameter type in the "description" column is for consistency.

  }
}'
```
If the command succeeds, you will see the following response, where `key` contains the unique identifier (`id`) for the API you have just created:

```.json
{
    "key": {NEW-API-ID},
    "status": "ok",
    "action": "added"
}
```

Once you have created your API, you will need to either restart the Tyk Gateway, or issue a hot reload command:

```curl
curl -H "x-tyk-authorization: {your-secret}" -s http://{your-tyk-host}:{port}/tyk/reload/group
```

#### Step 4: Confirm that your new API is a Version API

> In Step 3 we created a new API and automatically linked it to the Base API. You can verify that this new API is a Version API and not a Base API by inspecting the headers returned when you retrieve the details of the API from the Tyk Gateway API using a `GET` request to the `/apis/oas/` endpoint passing your new API's API-ID as a path parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Step 3 we created a new API and automatically linked it to the Base API. You can verify that this new API is a Version API and not a Base API by inspecting the headers returned when you retrieve the details of the API from the Tyk Gateway API. This can be achieved by issuing a `GET` request to the `/apis/oas/` endpoint passing your new API's API-ID as a path parameter:
```

Author: I've made an alternative change to wording to split up this long sentence.
